Open the front-end user
interface via the link in the
GitHub readme and click on the
processing tab in the menu. Here
you'll find the configuration
settings. It will use the
directory you choose during the
installation as a starting point
for processing, but if you want
to select a subdirectory
instead, you can do so here. You
could choose specific file extensions.
Frame sampling. This allows you
to select how often you want to
sample each frame. For example,
once every x seconds, if you
increase this time, there would
be less frames overall, helping
save hard drive space and
increase processing speed.
However, you might lose some
results if you sample too
infrequently. The recommended
default is one frame every
second. Match distance. This is
how closely it matches up
similar content, we would
recommend keeping the default of
0.75. If you lower it to a 0.4
it will only show very similar
matches whereas 0.75 shows you
both duplicates and similar
content. Darkness threshold.
This is the level at which it
removes videos that might have
been corrupted or shot at night
causing the entire video to be a
black screen. We recommend
starting with the default of two
and if you want to adjust it
later, you can do so.  Minimum
duration. This filters out short
videos .Filter dark videos. This
is the switch to remove dark
videos based on the darkness
threshold shown above.
Once configured, you can hit the
run button to start processing.
Once it's finished processing,
you can view the log here now
you're ready to go to your
collection and view the newly
processed videos